[Music]
hey are you doing well you know I was
thinking of moving the couch over here
what why would you want to do that so
that there would be a decent place for
me to sit Rach
there is a decent on your lap it does
not count
Hey come on help me move this no no no
no nope Rosita does not move I'm sorry
luzina as in as in Rosita does not move
Joey it's just a chair what's the big
deal the big deal is that it is the
exact equal distance from the bathroom
to the kitchen and it's at the perfect
angle so you don't get any glare coming
off a Stevie Stevie the TV is there a
problem
No Oh what is he no come on Rosie does
chicas got to stick together
you bitch okay come on Joey I'll buy you
a new one all right we'll go down to the
store right now and we'll get you a new
chair she's not even cold yet but don't
you think Rosita would have wanted you
to move on I mean you know she did
always put your comfort first that's
true boy Joe
full bag beer still cold something
terrible must have happened here no no
no no no no Stevie I was never here I am
so psyched I kept this chair for myself
yeah me too
Wow you know that this thing has
speakers in that headrest
well really yeah you can hook it up to
your TV and you get radio
my chair heals itself hey Chandler hey
how would you like to sit in the chair
that fully reclines has a rolling
massage and speakers in the headrest
yeah I'd love to but I've tried that so
many times they won't even let me in the
store anymore what if I told you that
you could do it in my apartment are you
telling me do you bought the chair that
is making all other lounge systems
obsolete that share that sit magazine
called chair of the year I just
purchased the lay-z-boy eek liner 3000
awesome that's great what made you do it
well it's a long story but I broke
Joey's chair whoa you broke Joey's chair
yeah I thought I broke Joey's chair
that's why I replaced it would mine oh
that's how it got fixed what did you
think that that elves came in and fixed
it no angels
I'm getting my chair back hey huh looks
like it wasn't healed after all
I guess this chair is mine now Oh Joey
you broke my chair your chair
yeah he thought he broke your chair so
he switched the chairs so there was no
miracle no Joe no miracle oh no this is
devastating my faith is shaking I'm so
glad I have the new chair to get me
through this difficult time of my life
oh yeah hey guys hey do you know what
happened to Chandlers Barcalounger
oh yeah Joey broke it you had to get rid
of it are you kidding I get a Porsche
and the Barcalounger is gone this is the
best day ever